Astro CLI v1.0.0 (All Changes) (#690)
astronomer/docs: software/houston-api.md

> **Note:** For more information about the SysAdmin role, reference our ["User Management" doc](manage-platform-users.md).

> If you don't already have a Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list` via the Astro CLI or follow the steps in the "Query an Airflow Deployment" section above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list` in the Astro CLI or follow the steps in "Query an Airflow Deployment".
```

1. Workspace Admin privileges
2. A Deployment ID

> If you don't already have a Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list` via the Astro CLI or follow the steps in the "Query an Airflow Deployment" section above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list` in the Astro CLI or follow the steps in "Query an Airflow Deployment".
```

1. A Deployment ID
2. A Deployment release name

> If you don't already have a Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list` via the Astro CLI or follow the steps in the "Query an Airflow Deployment" section above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list` in the Astro CLI or follow the steps in "Query an Airflow Deployment".
```

2. Email address of the user

> 3. Role you'd like to designate that user (e.g. Workspace "Admin", "Editor" or "Viewer")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The designated role for the user (for example,. Workspace "Admin", "Editor" or "Viewer")
```

> If you don't already have a Workspace ID, run `astro workspace list` via the Astro CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't already have a Workspace ID, run `astro workspace list` in the Astro CLI.
```
